hello everyone and welcome back to
liquid evil gaming for an unusual middle
of the week video which for me doesn't
happen too often however I wanted to
share a couple of unboxings with you I'm
going to do the one video at a time so I
can focus on each product a little more
but as it so happens I secured a few
sample products from Said's which if you
have not heard of them before I've
actually seen some of their keyboards
and mice in the past but they actually
invited me to review a set of their
headphones um so I was more than happy
to do so this particular set in question
is the a 30s gaming headset I have no
idea what you expect I really have not
looked this one up at all so we're going
to see what exactly has offer I know
it's a stereo gaming headset it has a
hundred and twenty degree adjustable
microphone soft ear pads and a 2.2 meter
cables so let's go ahead and take a look
and see what this has to offer you can
get a look in the box itself it's got
like a little blue wolf on the front
here I really like that logo that's kind
of cool looking and on the back it just
has some information about where they're
located how to contact them along with a
model number and that's about it to the
packaging nice and simple
okay so as you open up the box here we
have get the course headphones
themselves and that's it bottom the box
is empty so let's go ahead and put that
aside for now so all wrapped around in
some nice bubble wrap so that's nice
looks to be instruction for you switch
thank God if you need them they actually
included a section in English which
problem for that because I can't tell
you how many of these products that are
made in China do not include any form of
English instruction so nice to see that
and it's going to look at these
headphones themselves as you can see
here it says the modeling on the side
the a 30s and here is their cool little
blue wolf logo and here is the
microphone oh wow that's fully flexible
stay where we amend it nice and soft
easy to bend the Court itself with
headphones is of course USB he's the
opposite side here
oh wow yeah he's got a lot of flux to
them without breaking and the cord is
kind of unusual looking get a closer
look here oh cool alright this is the
part here as you can see has some burr
feets you can put it right on your desk
and it actually has a volume knob right
on the actual wire that's kind of cool
then right here you can mute your
microphone turn it up and down i'm
guessing i'll have to look at that later
and then of course down here you have
your USB cable that goes into the
computer with their little logo
emblazoned right there and it actually
has a rubber cable tie on a tube so what
bonus points very nice braided cable not
overly stiff and comes with it I can't
with Iona to that's really kind of cool
better give a bonus credit for that now
I'm just going to put these on real
quick just to see how actually oh wow
those are really really comfortable but
ok I'll get more to that when I actually
do the product review but just so that
you can see I do believe these light up
so whew this little cap is kind of tough
to get off on the USB end here
all right just go ahead and plug these
in so that you can see this little part
right here lights up on both sides of
the headphones a little bit of added
blue bling foyer there since it seems to
be the thing with all the headphones
these days but that is a quick unboxing
of the sage a 30s headset do be looking
as my usual format I will have a review
up within one week of this video and I'm
going to get very in depth with them and
tell you what I think about them in all
honesty and I even have a very
mainstream headset to compare these two
as it so happens I have a Razer Kraken
pro sitting around that really has never
seen any use because it was not very
impressed with a headset at all so i
will be making some comparisons of those
to these as you can get an idea of how
these compare to a much more expensive
razer headset and I will be drawing
comparisons between the two if there's
anything specific you would like me to
cover please let me know in the comment
section down below and we'll try to
respond to everybody's questions and
cover everything the video review about
a week from now as always thanks for
watching be sure to LIKE comment rate
and subscribe have a good one everybody